add readme to Zscaler (#27465)
demisto/content: Packs/Zscaler/README.md

# Zscaler Internet access
This pack includes Cortex XSIAM content.

## config syslog CEF in Zscaler:

**Add an NSS Server:**

[Add an NSS Server manual Website](https://help.zscaler.com/zia/adding-nss-servers)

1. Go to Administration > Nanolog Streaming Service.
2. From the NSS Servers tab, click Add NSS Server.
3. In the Add NSS Server window:
   * Name: Enter a name for the NSS server.
   * Type: The NSS for Web type is selected by default. To configure NSS for firewall logs, select NSS for Firewall.
     *Note*: If you have a subscription to Cloud Connector, the NSS for Firewall (NSS type) is displayed as NSS for Firewall, Cloud and Branch Connector.
   * Status: Enable or disable the status of the NSS server.
   * State: The health of the NSS server. This field is non-configurable.

> 4. Click Save. The NSS server gets added to your ZIA Admin Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Save.** The NSS server gets added to your ZIA Admin Portal.
```

![Add NSS Server](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/9dc21658443d25d7eaf62106b24a2d3c7e9d367d/Packs/Zscaler/doc_files/add_nss_server.png)

**To download the SSL Certificate:**

> 1. Click the Edit icon corresponding to the NSS server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Edit** icon corresponding to the NSS server.
```

> 2. In the Edit NSS Server window, under the SSL Certificate field, you can either download the SSL Certificate or generate a new certificate for that NSS server. You can upload this SSL certificate to the desired platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Edit NSS Server** window, under the **SSL Certificate** field, you can either download the SSL Certificate or generate a new certificate for that NSS server. You can upload this SSL certificate to the desired platform.
```

![Edit NSS Server](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/9dc21658443d25d7eaf62106b24a2d3c7e9d367d/Packs/Zscaler/doc_files/edit_nss_server.png)

**Add NSS Feeds:**

> click the following link and do both of the manuals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click and follow the instructions in each of the following links.:
```
